Geetsly's Gaming Network Dark Roleplay Rules Guidelines

All punishment guidelines and general rules are outlined on our Network-Wide Code of Play, found here: http://gmoddev.com/Geetsly%E2%80%99s%20Gaming%20Community.pdf

(Disclaimer: Some language mentioned in the Code of Play was designed around a PvE gamemode server. So staff ranks like Gamemasters do not apply to this server)


- General Rules (Not specified in the CoP)

1. Don't prop minge. This includes prop climb, surf, kill, block, bridge, push, trap or spam. (Punished as Exploiting in CoP)
2. Don't create offensive or inappropriate text signs. (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
3. Don't use an inappropriate RP name. (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
4. Leave the admins to do their jobs, if they're busy then be patient and wait for them to finish.
5. Scamming during vendor transactions or any roleplay transactions is not allowed whatsoever. (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
6. No CP helping. You must be a government affiliated job to intervene in any police activity. (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
7. Overall, use common sense and have fun.
8. You may not build a base in public location (Exceptions detailed below) (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
9. Multi-Adverts (Adverts that have multiple meanings, Exp; "/advert Raid/Raid assist/Mug/Kidnap) are strictly prohibited (Exceptions detailed below) (Punished as FailRP in CoP).
10. You may only inflict damage against another person in self defense (They must damage you first) Unless you are a hitman job, or in a raid.



- Building Rules (Punished as FailRP in CoP)

1. While building, put up a sign that says "Building" to let others know you are not roleplaying.
2. Do not interfere with people that have a "Building" sign.
3. Whilst building, you may not have ANY raidable entities inside of your base (Shipments, printers, bitminers, etc.)
4. You may have up to 3 fading doors for an entrance to your base. An additional fading doors may be used for a printer vaults and shooting windows.
5. All shooting windows must be activated by a lever or button directly next to them. Usage of a keybind to activate windows is strictly prohibited.
6. Do not abuse the fading door tool. (Using the numpad to constantly spam it or open and close it quickly)
7. Keypads must be connected to a working fading door.
8. Keypads must have a hold length of 5 seconds for fading doors. (With a 0 initial delay)
9. Do not create tiny cracks in your base that raiders cannot see.(Headshot and footshot traps)
10. All shooting windows must be at shoulder level to head level regardless of distance.
11. No disorienting advantages such as black rooms, fully invisible props, or world glow effects.
12. Do not store entities on inaccessible rooftops or inaccessible areas in general.
13. Sky bases are not allowed. (Bases that are not connected to the ground directly below them)
14. Mega-Bases (Bases that use more than one building) must involve 4 or more people owning all buildings completely with staff permission
15. To own a building, you must own all doors associated with that building.
16. Crouch/Jump bases (Bases that you cannot walk normally through without interacting with one of those two actions) is strictly prohibited.
17. A player must be able to enter and exit your building using a keypad cracker or a lockpick.
18. Any and all RP actions are strictly prohibited in spawn.



- Raiding Rules (Punished as FailRP in CoP)

1. You must Advert a Raid everytime you attempt a raid
2. NLR (New Life Rule) states that after dying in a raid, you may not return to the building until the raid cooldown is finished.
3. If a multi-person raid commences, each member must advert "Raid Assist" after the first raid advert is said.
4. Base takeovers (Staying in someone elses base after they are killed claiming ownership) is strictly prohibited.
5. Base loitering (Staying inside a raided base after the owner has been killed) is prohibited.
6. You must Advert "Raid Over" once a raid on a building has finished. Once done the Raid Cooldown will begin.
7. Raid Cooldown (Whether completed or failed) is 10 minutes. Raid Cooldown on the same base (Whether completed or failed) is 20 minutes.
8. Once calling raid, you may kill any person inside of the building at your own volition.

- PD Raiding Rules (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
1. All previous raiding rules still apply (Unless stated otherwise)
2. Any PD raid must be started with someone adverting "PD Raid".
3. Assisting in a PD raid must be announced with a "PD Raid Assist" advert.
4. NLR cooldown for returning Police is 60 seconds, raiders may not return after death.



- Mugging Rules (Punished as FailRP in CoP)
1. You must advert "Mug" and state your price in the advert.
2. Maximum mug price is $10,000
3. Mug cooldown is 5 minutes.
4. Muggings can only be done in a public setting (Not in any building)




- Job specific rules (Punished as FailRP in CoP)

Gun Dealers: 
1. Self supplying is strictly prohibted, you may only use the default handgun provided or any previously owned weapons to defend yourself

Police: 
1. Corruption (Not following police guidelines) is prohibited.
2. RDA (Random Arrest) is prohibited.
3. You may create a toll in front of the Police Department if there is an active Mayor.

Mayor:
1. Laws specified around specific jobs is prohibited.
2. Any RDM law is prohibited.
3. Any law retracting any server rule is prohibited.

Kidnapper:
1. Kidnapping actions may only be committed by the Kidnapper job.
2. You must advert "Kidnap".
3. Maximum kidnap ransom price is $100,000
4. Mug cooldown is 20 minutes.
5. You may only hold someone kidnapped for 15 minutes until they are let go or executed.

Hitman/Assassin:
1. Hitman actions actions may only be committed by the Hitman/Assassin jobs.
2. You must advert "Hit accepted" whenever accepting a hit.
3. Government personel may not request a hit under any circumstances.

DJ/Hobo/Hobo Leader:
1. You may build a small shack on the side of the road.

Blood/Bloodz Leader:
1. Acts as a normal thief, but cannot base with any Crip related job.

Crip/Cripz Leader:
1. Acts as a normal thief, but cannot base with any Blood related job.

Insurgent:
1. You must advert "Terror" to begin a Terror Attack.
2. A Terror Attack permits you to RDM anyone in a public venue for 15 seconds (Unless you are killed).
3. You may not use a Terror in any privately owned building.
4. Terror Cooldown is 15 minutes.
5. A Terror Attack cannot be used to raid a building.